# SaveContainers

A mod for Griftlands that allows storing and loading of multiple profiles.

Version: 0.2.0
Workshop ID: 2826005720
Alias(Used for mod dependency): SAVECONTAINERS
Github Link: https://github.com/RageLeague/SaveContainers

Author: RageLeague

Supported Languages: English, 简体中文.

Supported Systems: Windows, MacOS(?), Linux(?).

Supported Input Methods: Mouse.

## How does it work?

This mod adds an option in the main menu that allows you to manage different game profiles called "containers". Each container has its own save games, meta progressions, and run histories, and they don't interfere with each other. This way, you can play on different profiles on the same device without worrying the other profiles.

For example, you may have a container for your main profile, and a container for a fresh profile so you can enjoy the early game without worrying about it affecting your main profile. Or you can use it to separate your playthroughs that has different mods enabled. It's all up to you.

## How to install?

### Directly from GitHub

You can read about how to set up mods at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/116914-early-mod-support/.

1. Find `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands/` folder on your computer, or `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands_testing/` if you're on experimental. Find the folder with all the autogenerated files, log.txt, and `saves` directory. If you are on Steam, open the folder that starts with `steam-`. If you are on Epic, open the folder that contains only hexadecimal code.
2. Create a new folder called `mods` if you haven't already.
3. Clone this repository into that folder.
4. The `modinit.lua` file should be under `.../mods/[insert_repo_name_here]`.
5. Volia! Now the mod should work.

### Steam workshop

You can directly install mods from steam workshop. You can read about it at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121426-steam-workshop-beta/ and https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121488-example-mods/.

1. Subscribe this item.
2. Enable it in-game.
3. Volia!

## Changelog

### 0.2.0

* Clear cache for profile info so that the information displayed is updated.
* Made "Rename" localizable.
* Change alias to `SAVECONTAINER` from `SAVE_CONTAINER` to make the localization files load correctly.
